I'm here with Kevin Prince,
and I'm going to teach him something that you may not know yet,
and that's how you have to throw a bucket of water over someone.
Here you have the bucket.
This is not the case if you actually want to make someone wet,
because you are angry with him / her
but this is how you throw a bucket of water
when you are on stage.
This was taught to me by a "pantomime lady"
a few years ago when I did panto shows.
And the most important point is
that where you normally try to make someone as wet as possible,
this is not the goal on a stage,
because a large audience is watching, either on YouTube or in the theater.
So you want to go for dramatic effect
and you also want to prevent the suit from getting soaked.
So, do you want to fill the bucket?
Fill the bucket, there we go,
About halfway
About halfway, if so!
Yes, that's good.
Because if you fill it too far,
the bucket has too much speed, and it does not work to lift it.
Too little does not look good.
So, you want to focus on the chin
That's the trick.
Bucket with water, focus on the chin.
There are two reasons for this:
First, if you hit the chest, the target is completely soaked.
which means that you have to let the costume dry, which takes a lot of time.
Second,
if you hit the chin, this creates a huge splash
what looks good to the public,
and the person does not get very wet.
So, are you ready? -Yes.
All right.
It's been a while back that I've done this for the last time.
Ready?
Yes
Aim at the chin. Now!
You missed!
Everything above is dry!
You...
Do you want to try again?
Okay, half full.
A
Two
Three.
(Large splash, visible from a great distance, minimum amount of water on clothing)
That's how you throw a bucket of water over someone ...
And that
is something
[bubbly water sound]
Damn Mel!